Let's try it. For context, I am very
flexible. Not naturally flexible, but
trained flexible. I don't have a bench,
but I think the floor will do. The first
step is pretty obvious. Quad stretch.
But
then what? Okay. So, he grabs it like
this and he pulls it past Oh. Oh, I
think I understand it now. I understand
it
now.
Oh, this is crazy. What? Originally, I
thought it was all quad like this, but I
realize now what's happening is he is
internally rotating his hip like this as
he's doing that quad stretch. So, this
right here turns into this right here
and then he rotates over so it touches
the ground. And that really looked
freaky. Don't try this. Don't be stupid.
Instead, just go to a 9090 position like
this and try and lift your foot up. Oh,
it's going to hurt right here, but just
hold this. After 10 seconds or so, then
you just rest. Then back at it again.
Once your hip is totally cooked, you got
one more exercise. Go back to the same
9090 position, but this time bring your
heel toward your butt. You're going to
sit your hips down into it like
this. 30 seconds. Let me tell you that
hip internal rotation that looks like
this did not come naturally for me. Oh,
I had to train for it.